hello and welcome to check me out today
we're going to be taking a look at a
very cool application that I think all
of you can benefit from and enjoy and
that application is known as feature
points now what this particular
application offers you is the option to
download applications and get rewarded
for downloading those apps but it
doesn't stop there as you can also refer
your friends and family to feature
points and get points for their
downloads as well so it's pretty much an
ongoing reward system for you and
everyone else that you know are referred
to the program so to give you a better
illustration of this I'm going to go
ahead and open up the application here
and once inside feature points what you
see here at the very top is how many
referrals you have as well as right here
how many points you've made thus far and
I've actually made 704 points from just
downloading I believe it was around 3
applications and you can kind of keep
track of how many applications you've
downloaded here because basically every
application that you download is an
entry to win a free iPad Mini so if I
jump down here where it says app offers
this tells me all of the applications I
can download along with a description of
the application and then to the right of
that it lets you know how many points
you would get for downloading that
application as well as how many points
you would get for your friends and
family downloading that application so
I'm going to go ahead and choose let's
go to my Vegas slots because I already
have Spotify on my phone and once you're
in here you'll see that it shows you at
the top like I stated before how many
points you get and then the smiley face
with the plus 88 that signifies how many
points you get for your family and
friends downloading it or for the people
that you refer downloading it beneath
that it lets you know how large the
download is so that if it's kind of like
a large file to download it is advised
that you use Wi-Fi instead and then if
you want to download the app you can
choose this option here and then if I
scroll down a little bit more it gives
you a description of what featurepoints
is and a visual of what I was talking
about earlier which is basically every
time one of your friends downloads an
app you get 50% of their points so not
only are you racking up your points for
downloading but you're also getting
points for your friends downloading so
it's an ongoing reward system which to
me makes it that much better because
pretty much it seems like a win-win
situation for everyone and
looking down here this tells you how to
earn points so you must use the
application for at least one minute you
also cannot switch networks so for
example you can't switch from your
cellular service to Wi-Fi you have to
stay on either or once you're doing this
also if you recently moved devices you
need to tap here to setup the device but
aside from that you're pretty much good
to go so to show you that this is legit
I'm going to go through the motions
basically I can download the app here
and it's going to go ahead and take me
straight to the application in the app
store and then I can choose this option
here to download it summit app free and
then once the application has finished
downloading you're going to go ahead and
open it so the whole time it was
downloading I just stayed in the App
Store I didn't leave it at all and
you're going to want to make sure you do
the same so let it download in the App
Store and stay within the App Store
don't navigate away from it if you can
help it at all so once it's finished
then all you have to do is tap open and
once the application loads up you're
going to simply let it sit for another
minute and once that minute is up you
should then be able to go back to your
home screen and go into feature points
and see that those points have been
applied to your account and as you can
see my points went from around 740 to
880 so it did successfully apply and
you'll also notice that my iPad entries
have changed as well from three entries
to now being four entries so from here
I'm sure you're wondering what can you
get with all of these points that you've
now made so to show you that I'm going
to go to rewards here and something to
me that makes feature points also stand
out amongst its competitors is that you
can change your country here's so that
you can see the things in your country
that you can get so if I tap on country
up here you'll see that we have a number
of different areas that we can get
rewards in other than the United States
but a few things that you can enjoy with
your points would be applications such
as cut the rope that's just five hundred
and fourteen points or you can get grand
theft auto which is four thousand one
hundred and ninety four points or you
can even redeem it for Amazon giftcards
or an iTunes gift card or even cash so
instead of being limited to just gift
cards you can actually get paid
our cash which means money in your
pocket just to kind of touch back on the
Amazon giftcard here this option you can
get a dollar to use in the Amazon store
for 600 points so to just do a little
quick math with you if you for example
won at a $50 Amazon gift card then you
would need to make thirty thousand
points because you can pretty much get a
dollar for 600 so if you make thirty
thousand points that's a $50 Amazon gift
card alone right there but in addition
to those items you can also get other
applications that are paid in the App
Store including pac-man you can also how
did I miss this one you can also get an
iPad Mini but of course that is if you
plan on getting a ton of points within
future points which is possible um you
can also get pac-man Street Fighter and
something I like about it is that you
get to see what the value of that paid
application is so you can see hey I'm
getting a $0.99 app for five hundred and
thirty four points but there are a ton
of things that you can download but I'm
not going to go through the entire list
showing you every reward that you can
get instead I advise you to check out
feature points for yourself so to do so
I have a referral code for all of you
and this will give you some points to
start off with so the referral code is
tech me out and the referral link will
be found down below in the description
box if you have any questions or
comments feel free to drop them down
below and I'll do my best to answer all
of them and for being the first one to
make it this far in the video I have a
little surprise for you and that is this
application imma go ahead and get this
application for the first person that
makes it this far in the video so here
is the redemption code for Cut the Rope
too so like I said from making it this
far and the video first here is the
redemption code for you to download cut
the rope to for free now this is only
one redemption code so whoever gets to
this first is the one that will redeem
this so if it's not working for you it
just simply means that you got to it
after someone who's already redeemed it
but this is something I'd like to do
more in my videos so if you want to see
more of surprise apps somewhere within a
video or anything like that drop that
down below in the description box as
well but please be sure to give this a
thumbs up if you enjoyed it don't forget
to subscribe and as always thanks for
taking the time out to let me check you
out